# TruckTel example with Nuxt

## Setup

Make sure to install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
npm run dev
```

[trucktel.ts](app/trucktel.ts) will detect that it's running in development
mode, and divert the websocket to the port that the game is configured to
listen on (default 8080, but this example overrides to 8081 to not conflict
with the default app generated by TruckTel when nothing is installed). The
game must of course be running with TruckTel installed for the app to be able
to connect to anything.

The demo needs a [custom config file](trucktel/config.yaml). Be sure to copy it
to a TruckTel app directory. You can leave `www` empty during development.

Note that the game does not acknowledge input when it doesn't have focus. So,
if you're using the input API, you'll probably have to either develop on a
different machine entirely, or use your phone or whatever to run the app. In
the latter case, you can use

```bash
npm run dev -- --host
```

to get the development server to accept non-localhost connections.

## Production

To get the application to run entirely from TruckTel, generate a static version
of the app:

```bash
npm run generate
```

Then copy the output from `.output/public` to the `www` directory of the
TruckTel app, and go to (in this case) `http://localhost:8081` to see the app
as served by the game.

Refer to the main README.md file of this repository for app distribution
guidelines.
